This
It is the genuine dzi wine treasured by the Duke of King's Landing during his lifetime
Today is Mrs. Ye's 80th birthday
I, Chu Yu, represent the Chu family
Hereby present a table of dzi bead wine
Waiting for the old emperor Hong Fuqi Tianshou and Nanshan
Tujia also took out Tianzhu wine
Is this true?
They said to take it out of the military's flexible relics
There are prizes
Hurry up and bring the wine up
Miss Chu has a heart
I am here to thank the Chu family
Mom, how are you feeling?
You stand up and see
That's not right.
Don't you say that this glass of Tianzhu wine cures all diseases?
I smell this wine
It is also much different from the wine of the previous state banquet
Miss Zhu
Is this wine really Tianzhu wine? Of course it is
Then why does it have the legendary effect?
That's because the legend says that Tianzhu wine is too much
What dead trees meet spring
Bone and meat
It's just a folk talk
Dzi bead wine is just a kind of Baijiu after all.
Don't come to drink
You're wrong.
The effect of this dzi bead wine
Far more amazing than the legend
This old gentleman drank it to no effect
That's because what you gave is fake wine.